[Applause]
you should have a sword with an out I
feel like the gay blade yeah well if
you're gonna be the gay blade you might
as well be the gayest of way it's not
yeah life is short it is you know and
you know what did you hear John Cena
passed away
no eventually but not anytime yeah do
you meet John are you a wrestling fan I
love wrestling for all the reasons you
think so
you this show this Netflix show Aging in
the quake J and the queen is your girl
right yes yes yes she's like kind of a
thief yeah a street urchin you know
either the foster child I see is a
stowaway in my RV and we go
cross-country and hilarity ensues she's
ten years old what were you like at ten
years old I won't you know what um I I
was smoking things at ten years old
really yeah I haven't had a smoke of
anything in 20 years or them drink had a
drink in 20 years but I started very
early so I'm from San Diego and when I
was 11 my father lived in Cerritos up
here near LA and we would spend the
summers with him he would go to work
eleven years old I would steal the keys
from his Toyota Corona not Corolla Wow
Corona this is when they made Corona and
my sister who was 10 at the time I'm 11
she's 10 I would drive around Cerritos
in my father's Toyota Corona and my only
making right turns because I was too
afraid to make left trucks
only making right turns around the
neighborhood and could you imagine
looking up see being in traffic looking
over and seeing a stoplight and you
children children behind the wheel of a
car but that's the kind of thing that
happens in the auto square pretty crazy
so you in a way you did both roles on
myself yeah I love cars in fact I've
driven cross-country in this great
United States of America about 50 times
back and forth Wow my brother-in-law
used to how long is this show I used to
flip expensive cars this is between 76
and 82 that I worked for him and I would
drive the cars from Atlanta where we
were living with this is a lot of Jesus
on that child the driving experience
really paid off for you really did I
love cars I always have I've always
loved cars I have and don't tell anybody
this this is a secret between us in the
studio I have six cars six yes but I
don't join them all at once that does
only drive one at a time
that's a lot I think for you know people
but sometimes you know some of the
celebrities that Carey collect cars like
Jay Leno has more than 40,000 cars but
40,000 keeps them all in one room yeah
and he doesn't get any credit he stacks
them all up so you've been all over this
country what's the best or weirdest
thing you've seen on one of these cross
country roads well you know what the
weirdest thing I can't say this on
television but I will yeah once
once I was um I took a Greyhound bus
from San Diego to Atlanta in February of
1981 and it was weird because this
couple got on and they were talking and
it was late at night and he talked her
into giving him pleasuring him him I'm
doing this real on the bus and everybody
on the bus could hear it
Oh everybody on the bus could hear it
and she pleasure between him down there
yeah boy that was the most glamorous way
to travel it really people used to dress
up to go on grey house I did it from Las
Vegas to New York and back several times
to go visit our family that's right you
can you grew up in Vega I did you're
doing a show in Las baby have a show at
the Flamingo Hotel it's drag race live
it's basically a live version of our
television show at the Flamingo Hotel
when does that start it starts at the
end of this month I think it's the 28th
of January okay 28th of June so a lot of
things going on a G in the Queen
so Mingo hotel life I've got a new album
coming out you do on Friday oh wow
when's this book this I love that's the
Herald tells not barony it's coming back
did you read that yeah yeah that was at
the end of 94
I was headlining at the Sahara Hotel
I'll get the coming attractions civil
Shepard in concert Merle Haggard and the
zsa zsa gabor oh boy it's a wonder that
Hotel close isn't it but you gotta pay
for those cars you gotta put gas in
those cars that's right mortgage won't
pay for itself Jimmy will you driver get
any credit for that
well yes you know um you know what
happens I'm gonna be Busey for a minute
yeah you guys listen don't judge me I
come from you know San Diego just the
left driving card yeah Caesars sensitive
Jack down for oh wow about that that's
all right not since jaja Kapoor's comedy
roast RuPaul everybody
[Applause]
Trinity I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and illustrated
it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
so you know what to do